---
title: "50/50"
writer: "hanarchy"
slug: "5050"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/35558-50-50-by-hanarchy"
---

I am an anarchist, don't know you but I think I hate you
I like punching the walls with my fist.
do not trust a pretty face
run your life at a stable pace
freedom comes when u learn to let go
creation comes when u learn to say no
break your life down into parts
it's a movie with a half-broken heart
Just because i'm paranoid
don't mean they're not after me
if something happens let it go
there's plenty of fish in the sea
bite my lips and close my eyes
take me away to paradise
the paradie is full of shit
that shit is good just deal with it
I came up with the breeze on sunday morning
looked into the window seen a girl moaning
do you really wanna know what's happening?
do you really wanna know whats goingf on?
pass out beside a snoring girl in the park
and I'm soo happy to arrive home.
You were a young boy that had big plans
now you're just in a rat-posse gang
You have a mascot that's a rat 
the poem's not about you and that's that
Let's continue what was I saying?
I'm a gap-out my memory's fading.
come as you are as you were, 
as I want you you to be.
I'm so obsessed so depressed
what is going on with me?
Took you're time and fucked up
I was waiting you were late.....(to be continued)I took a bunch of choruses and m from my favourite songs and mixed them in to my poem. It's about my 2001 experience..so i dunno whatevr
Written January 24th, 2002 ©  on Jan 24 2002 01:59 PM PST   0  • 12