---
title: "New York Side Walk Blues"
writer: "Desdemona"
slug: "new-york-side-walk-blues"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/12280-New-York-Side-Walk-Blues-by-Desdemona"
---

If you passed me on the street...Would you call me friend?I sit by this light pole on this hard cracked sidewalk.Hoping to catch a glimpse of you soon.The only thing I can concentrate is the noisy sounds.Rush hour traffic and my rapid heartbeats of anticipation.If you happened to pass me by...Would you say hi?I sold my everything and dreams to get to you.I'm now living on borrowed dimes.Your living on earned millions.If I was found in the gutter on the lonely part of town........Would you know me???If you saw me in the gutter....Would you ignore me?Would you give me some change, if I had to sing for my supper?Would I embarrass you to much, if I waved at you from across the street?If you seen my face, would you know who I was?If I wrote you a letter, would you know it was mine?If you heard me speak...Would you know it was me?Am I making a challenge for myself?Am I just wishful thinking?What is it I really want?A handshake? A hug? A glimpse of reality? Some truth maybe?I know that it is to much to ask of you. I'm Sorry.If you knew how I felt...Would you offer me a hug?I can only see your real words.When I really hear you speak them, they are of someone else's words.I can see your face, but its only a disguise.A fictional character in a story.I can see nothing from the outside in, but total darkness.If I wanted to come in..Would you unlock the door?Maybe my fantasy world, make believe intentions are fading.Maybe my wishes and dreams are becoming failures.I know I don't fit in your crowd, but I am still human.I will sit here and bide my time. Nothing to lose, but a reality check.If you were me...Would you sit here longer?If we did happen to meet one day, what would I even say?But if you hadn't came into my life, where would I be today?I know I am asking to much, of you.I'm finding it hard to be strong myself.If I asked you to meet me....Would you pick a time and place?Maybe I should go back home, where everything is all right.Maybe I will go write in chalk, 'I was here' on your sidewalk tonight. Maybe I will go home and freeze your advice, and look it at again later. Maybe I will erase the past, and forget you all together.If you should pass me on the street.....Would you call me friend?This is a wild poem. I thought I was talking to a celebrity on the Internet for years. So when I got to go to NY to meet this Real celebrity. He didn't know me. He wasn't the same person talking to me online. Funny thing is I wrote this before I went to NY.. Sad Thing is it almost very close came true. :*(
Written April 13th, 1999 ©  on Nov 02 2001 12:46 PM PST, Lee Gillilan   18  • 0  • 12