---
title: "Listen"
writer: "Ld Marduk"
slug: "listen"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/2940-Listen-by-Ld-Marduk"
---

Though tis…That I seem, unyielding,So set…Within my ways,Tis only that… I might be strong,To weather stormy days.For of such…Have we…But had our share,So think me not, as unaware,That thou…Art only my little girl,Here…Within my dreams.So please forgive a doting fool,For in his love…Had lost sight of whom,All his feelings were intended,Seeking, and yes, even mending,Things… He should naught ought to.For time…That’s without number,And days…Which hath no end,In my heart… Thou hast had a special place,Where time and time again.I have sought to find thee,To speak of many things,Only to find it empty,As though…It had n’er been.For though oft… Have I said: ‘I love thee,'Perhaps my meaning, twas not clear,For though I may seem unyielding,And oft…Yea, but unfair—Consider this, an answer,The only, I can give,That my love:Is more than merely words,As I say but once again.As I have loved thee always,So shall I, ever more,For thou mean more to me than life,For tis thee… Whom I live it for.Yea… For a time that knows no measure,Have I felt this way for thee,Yet in that place, But thine alone,Such truly doth remain.Kept a secret, locked away,For thou n’er ventured in,Thus n’er knew its meaning,Even to this very day.Yea so, alas, its meaning lost,It doth, but fade away,To be…Naught more, than legend,Should it matter anyway.For time…That’s without number,And days…Which hath no end,In my heart… Thou hast had, a special place,Where time and time again.I sought lass, but to find thee,For much…Had I to say,But thou had gone,Had left me…So that, unto this day.I know not, of thy feelings,For thou didst never say,Except, perhaps, in passing,Yet such, n’er did convey.What it was…I wished to know,The feelings, in thine heart,For though oft I’ve said: ’I love thee,’Have I…Within a part?To play out, in thy life,Or is for me…Such lost, forever,Could thou tell me please?For I, alas, hath not a clue,And unto me it seems,That I have lost what matters most,And such…I could not bear,To lose thy love,Because thou thought,That I did not care.
Written August 31st, 2001 ©  on Aug 31 2001 01:50 AM PST   0  • 10