---
title: "My Journey that doesn't Finish and my Story that never Ends"
writer: "HolyAngelX"
slug: "my-journey-that-doesnt-finish-and-my-story-that-never-ends"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/1675-My-Journey-that-doesnt-Finish-and-my-Story-that-never-Ends-by-HolyAngelX"
---

The day of January 13 1986 an entity was born and was gifted with a purpose like no other.  That being grew and learned the rules and values of the world and knew one day it would be his turn to give something to the world and soon this gift he would give was to come.  This entity grew and he knew his time to start his journey was coming nearer and nearer.  He lived his life to his fullest extent and kept on living and it would never end.  Then one Febuary day he made his first big choice that would start his never ending story in which that choice was to have a love in his life one that he could dedicate him self and be happy with too.  That being knew his choice and left it at a gleefull yes and his soon to be wife Erin has finally strolled into his life.  Along with starting his journey he came to many twist and turns where he would learn all proportions of a good minded soul.    Next his time was to find his purpose to his life which he happily excepted as 'His Love and Purpose of His Life' he started to understand and expand his horizene to the point of his existence he felt what was comeing for he knew that his purpose would never end.  Once a night he would have a dream that would stir in his mind and would leave all traces of this 'Lonely and Fearful Dream' embedded in his mind.  He didnt know what to do but he was scared and had to find out why.  His life was full of mysteries and a few were about to be solved.  But its still not over in this liveing cruel world we all call life.    A few months have passed till he felt fear and anger fill a vase in his heart over flowing with darkness the pain was so strong yet the pain hurt for so long.  He kept it bottled inside till one day he almost died when he came to he realized he saw the image of the one who sent the dark felt dreams too.  He realizes 'His Life as an Angel of Death' and new it was time to fly a cruel and fearful qeust.    As night crept all around the time was near when you would hear no sound.  A fight would begin that no one could ever win but a streangth from with in began this beings own 'Sword Fight in the Night' this fearful battle has been won and this courageos being has done what no other could have done.    Life was calm and the air was sweet because now this being can finally sleep but no his journey his story will never end as he still has to tie one single strand.  The time was ripe as he was to figure out why 'The Answer why he loves Erin' his soon to be bride.  This being lived his life with adventures in between and when the day comes when he is to be married to his one love of his life Erin in a beutiful chapel with a gorgeous cross and god with jesus watching our ceromony these to loves will be united finally for all eternity.  These two beings will live together forever along with his newborne Ethan and they will have many adventures and will always live the happy lifes they were meant to live.  This is the end to my story my poem my talk to you about this entities life but his story will never end and his journey as we know will never finish because Nathaniel, Erin and, Ethan will all live and die and continue in the after life with more adventures and journeies for all to hear and every one to see them appear.
Written August 7th, 2001 ©  on Aug 06 2001 09:01 PM PST   0  • 10