---
title: "My Lonely  Fearful Dreams"
writer: "HolyAngelX"
slug: "my-lonely-fearful-dreams"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/1672-My-Lonely--Fearful-Dreams-by-HolyAngelX"
---

I had a dream a fearful dream I was so scared and so alone.  I was in a house made of nothing but stone the walls were black and extremely cold the floor was nothing more than sand and I was so scared and so alone.  There was no windows and only one door and on the door was a keyhole no more.  I looked through that hole and saw the outside it was so beautiful and full of light.  What I could see from the tiny hole were trees and flowers a field of grass.  Then I could hear the sound of birds singing to each other with a beutiful tone till one sound made me feel not so alone.  This sound was familer and had a sweet tone because the sound was comeing from a young girl not far from this place im forced to call home.  Then suddenly the door screeched open and let me free and I ran out with open arms and glee.  I spoke to the girl and played with her too we watched the sunset and felt so loved when we stared eachother in the eyes and said we will always hug.  We were together finally at last untill I heard a loud yell which made my happiness not last.  'Erin come on we have to go'  with sobbing tears I had to let go she skipped to the direction of the blast then turned around with her last glance she said 'Im sorry but I have to go maybe next time I'll come alone I love you Nathaniel and love never dies love conqeurs all and love will neve lie so I will return please wait and with the ring I have given you please be brave.'  She disapeared over a hill as I got scared and frowned with tears.  I suddenly felt cold and hands were touching me till I know what I feared I suddenly knew where I was heading to as dark forces took me there they threw my body face first into sand slammed the door and said 'Ha too bad' I again felt so cold and so alone but my ring on my ringfingure started to glow with light and warmth so in that home that dark cold room I stayed and waited for the day when I will go far far away.
Written August 7th, 2001 ©  on Aug 06 2001 07:46 PM PST   0  • 1