---
title: "The Sword Fight in the Night"
writer: "HolyAngelX"
slug: "the-sword-fight-in-the-night"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/1650-The-Sword-Fight-in-the-Night-by-HolyAngelX"
---

In the night I wait.  For when the time is right I will slay the next victim that comes my way.  I fight for peace I maintain a justice.  I'm the angel of the night dressed in black and never seen in white.  You may say I'm the demon of the fight but I mean well and only do what's right.  My heart is frozen with darkness and I know the day will be near.  With my holy dagger of the night I will slay the one who started to appear.  The one I know who attempts to turn this world to a land of fear.  That mercalless ark angel will die in my fight.  When I puncture his dark heart in the night.  God has my back and I protect his miracles during the day but during the night the war starts with my fight.  Im a gift from god and I feel his presence I know god's with me and helps me fight.  The day will come when sin will fade we'll all be in heaven and feel swell and ok.  Because I am the angel with my pearl wings of peace.  And Satans going to die again and again in my fight during the night.  My wings will glow with a glorius light and Satan will die with a screech in the night.  I will laupgh and say good fight you died and you know it was comeing too because the day was near when this time you would fear now your dead again and again its time for our peace to settle in.  With his last dieing breath he said I will never die because in our fight I found out im not the only one with a frozen heart and a dark mind.  I interupted and said yes you are because you foreget the ones that fills me with burning peace and thaws my frozen heart with my loves touch so now your dead and evil is now a thing in your head.  So as Satan glared at me with his evil red snake eyes I glared back as he vanished and parished all away.  Day slowly setteled in as I stood by my wife Erin and my son Ethan's side and as they still slept still seeing the happy ending of there peaceful dreams I whispered in both there ears dont worry now because daddies here and theres nothing to fear no more.
Written August 6th, 2001 ©  on Aug 05 2001 08:39 PM PST   0  • 13