---
title: "9.999.999   (moment)"
writer: "repomen79"
slug: "9999999-moment"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/53640-9.999.999----moment--by-repomen79"
---

Clumsy in my thrift shop clothes,
Smelling dust and age.
With joy the ragged never know,
I stood before the stage.
Then from the wings there did appear,
An angel, come to play.
And I, the uncouth stranger here,
Felt my heart fly away.

She sang a song of a dusty road,
And the mindless cruelty.
Til I felt the savior bear his load,
On the way to calvary.
Enraptured by her angels voice,
I rose above the din.
Of all the tired useless noise,
And people I had been.

Then she sang of misty moonlit nights,
And fragile lovers flame.
Whos very fragile warmth invites,
Them to love and know not shame.
Take me away, I love once more.
All I know has come apart.
So very much more than a musical score,
She sang my very heart.

What everlasting song of Blame'
Who's like I never knew.
I gladly drank the cup of shame,
Who's bottom leadeth to.
A place beyond all time and mind,
Where the the proud are turned away.
And a person of a different kind,
Is born in me today.

Surely grace Doth follow me,
For all this life I'll live.
I'll celebtate eternity,
In every song I give.
Here in the dark where the standee's are,
My heart has room to swell.
And I whisper a prayer to your guardian star,
For your song had made me well.No rating, no stars, no READING requested.
  (Jessie, this is for you, wherever you are. with all my love dear, I have never forgotten. nor will I forget being a stranger in paradise. Nor the SONGS)
Written March 23rd, 2002 ©  on Aug 29 2002 05:53 PM PST, Patric Patterson    0  • 10