---
title: "'Song to Soul Child: Part I"
writer: "Salty"
slug: "song-to-soul-child-part-i"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/9125-Song-to-Soul-Child-Part-I-by-Salty"
---

You ache to crawl, In my empty womb. Your tiny fingers, Feel my doom. I've made space, In the Inn, Yet there is no room. The flower, Of your body. Not yet to bloom. Your soul, Already conceived, Consummated with love. Yet your skin, Has yet to begin. We wait from Heaven above. I begin to explore, What might slide, Out my vaginal door. My cafe latte, Cream on top. Daddy's smile, With his cheeks, That pop. Mommy's blue/green eyes, That see through lies. Seekers of truth. Haters despised. Kissable lips, A mix of us. Because it took our kissable lips, To create your dust. Daddy's hands. Momma's feet. Cause when your too tired to walk, Daddy will carry you across the street. Mommy will walk, Ten thousand miles, Holding your hand, Smiling ten thousand smiles. Love knows no measure, Of devotion. No equilibrium, Of emotion. It was more than a notion, For daddy and me, To make the motion. Of loving each other, Wanting fish in the ocean. And the bait is hung, Pardon the pun. You're a song so beautiful, Yet to be sung. A symphony without a note. The best piece of poetry, That I haven't yet wrote. And we'll love you, Before you exist. And we'll love you, Even if God doesn't insist. Yet your soul, Which is already born. Is ours to keep, And never to mourn. There is magic, In this thing called 'hope'. It feeds determination, Allows you to cope. Cause the journey, Of finding you, Has just begun. And the pleasures of making you, Is part of the fun. And the questions of your life, Has been given no definite. So the joy of your surface, Is a chance of good estimate. And we wait, Patiently. For the return of your body, To be joined with your soul. To make you somebody, To make you whole. And if the two of you. Never agree to meet. Then we understand your opinions, And respect your not wanting to greet. You might be friends, If you give it a chance. I await enthusiastically, For our in vitro dance. I wait for your skin. To measure it in. To take pleasures, In your sighs, Your flawless sin. We wait for you. No need to wait for me. Cause we're here, For eternity and tomorrow. If you only allow us to be.
Written October 19th, 2001 ©  on Oct 19 2001 01:35 AM PST   18  • 0  • 12