---
title: "March 17, 1994"
writer: "CloudRaven"
slug: "march-17-1994"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/49358-March-17--1994-by-CloudRaven"
---

The world ended on March 17, 1994. 
I was told the news with calmness. 
My son was dead. 
The world ended, my heart spilt. 
I wanted to find a cliff, jump, get away from the pain. 
They calmly talk all the medical info 
my mind wondered, I heard nothing. 
He is dead echoed in my mind, 
an empty cavern of despair. 
They talk abut the surgery in the morning. 
They talk about what time I need to be there. 
How I should not eat or drink after midnight. 
They talked, I cried, I grieved. 
My son was dead and they didn't care. 
To them he was a fetus to me he was my son, 
my baby, my child. 
I had been carrying him inside for 22 weeks. 
22 beautiful wonderful weeks and now he was gone, 
and they talked of medical procedures. 
They talked of reasons and I cried. 
They said words that I didn't want to hear. 
It was a mistake after all he couldn't be dead, 
but I saw the ultrasound, his tiny heart had stopped. 
My son was now cold and dead inside me, 
and I grieved, cried, screamed and hurt. 
Weeks flew by as the pain stayed on my heart. 
Months went by as I saw all the other's pushing the carriages. 
I hated them all! 
I wanted, I needed my son. 
I hated them all! 
I longed to hold him just once. 
Years passed and the hole in my heart stayed. 
My hatred vanished, but the pain remained. 
A reminder of my son, who I love so deeply. 
As I hold my other children in my arms, 
I feel his presences. 
I feel him near me, his love and his spirit. 
He is gone, but never forgotten.to Samuel
Written March 10th, 2002 ©  on Mar 10 2002 01:46 AM PST    18  • 0  • 1