---
title: "Just Thoughts"
writer: "bdgrey"
slug: "just-thoughts"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/19064-Just-Thoughts-by-bdgrey"
---

This isn't a poem.     Can the lives of two people be easily referenced or monotonously classified into a set of given points and important details that realistically don’t mean anything in a broader sense of life, but do ultimately convey a specific and demeaning undertone.  All to well does the human species plagiarize the will of anothers to say that all is well, while we all want a greater gift from life that cannot be given to us but must be earned, so instead the genius of another person is met with unwavering and unrelenting scorn and mockery.  A conformist world has become a simple and easy way out, an escape from the harsh truth that only a few people truly acquire what they always dreamed about while all the others deny that they never accomplished anything short of failure.  We are nothing in the hands of God compared to what exists in his memory.  Can someone become the exception to this divine rule, and stand up against all odds and state the obvious that everyone else neglects.  Boy what a triumph it would be to play the role of the greatest to ever die.  To see the masses weep at the funeral to begin all funerals, and begin an awakening that would lead to a world full of people trying to outdo the latter mind.  Knowing that all their attempts would end in vain because the trail left behind would be shrouded by snow never to be seen from again like Hansel and Grettel, a nice try but not even close would be the dearly departed’s word from heaven gazing down on the insane world thrown into vertigo by his or her act of sheer belief and realization.  	   The rise to glory would be only relative in the eyes of this superhuman, because this person would want is self-satisfaction providing the catch 22 of omnipotence.  Could such a person ever truly be happy in their own mind, or is incompletion the true fate of our little friend the dearly departed.  Who could realistically take such a giant step into the lime light and risk utter failure?  Who is good enough?  Who is smart enough?  I think I know who it might be.  Try looking in a mirror.    Am I right?      I thought so.This is just another philosophical moment I had. I know this isn't a poem, but I though I'd share it with you nonetheless. I hope you all enjoy it. Thank you.
Written November 29th, 2001 ©  on Nov 29 2001 06:09 AM PST   0  • 10