---
title: "Proposal (A Short Story"
writer: "bdgrey"
slug: "proposal-a-short-story"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/19953-Proposal--A-Short-Story-by-bdgrey"
---

A sandy texture was to be expected as their feet sent the impulse up into their minds already clouded with the excitement of their perfect day.  A few clouds hung high in the sky, but not near enough to cover the millions of little specks of salt and that big hunk of cheese of which provided the only source of light.  The tide, though high, moved up to its predetermined line and then back out in recession, but returning in clockwork fashion, never late for a date.  Little wakes loomed off in the distance moving towards them eventually increasing in height, but never exceeding three feet.  Glimpses of moonlight rippled with the water’s mesmerizing repetition and an extremely gentle, almost satin breeze moved along their skin putting the hairs on their necks and arms in wavering motion.  A temperature of 65 and a humidity of somewhere between comfortable and breathable surrounded the entire contents of the beach.	Virginia’s hair hung low on her back and gave the impression of being black in the soft light of the full moon.  In the bareness of her petite feet, she stood 67 inches tall, 125 pounds and her legs, smooth, sexy and well tanned moved with the elegance of a well played violin’s soothing resonance.  Her shorts were just that, skin tight and made from denim dyed with the color of indigo.  A bikini top covered her chest baring an ample amount of cleavage, but just tasteful enough to evade the hormone driven stares of men.  Her face was divided between shadow and moonlight, but green eyes sparkled nonetheless.  Sometimes the breeze would hit her just right causing little bumps throughout her body to pop up sending it into a giggling spasm of enjoyment and a refreshing chill.	Brandon stood just over 6 inches taller than Virginia and a little under 100 pounds over her weight.  His hair stood in place without the aide of any chemicals and parted down the middle hanging evenly to each side of his face just above his earlobes, and appeared to be of a brown tint due to the lack of lighting.  He was broad shouldered, thick muscled and had the natural pigmentation of medium darkness and even complexion.  He held the delicate hand of Virginia’s in his much larger right hand with a firm, but temperate grip.  Khaki shorts covered his lower torso held on by a brown belt, which held the dual purpose of keeping his white T-shirt securely tucked in.  	They walked with no general direction in mind and no particular destination on their agenda.  Watches had been forgotten on purpose and shoes were on their way to a new land at the mercy of the ocean.  Brandon had recently come of the age of 21, so he could now legally be stupid, but cared of it with the apathy of a house cat for adventure, and Virginia would be turning 21 within the next 2 months.  A coming of age story from high school had followed them thus far and a relationship of 5 years resulted from their commitment for each other.  Never had a love been so true as theirs in the perception of their hearts and within restricted justification, it held true.  The dependency they had for each other proved to be a result of their undying love for each other and their selfless devotion for the well being of the other.	Their hearts thumped in cohesion and their roots had become so intertwined that the idea of separation could no longer be conceived or understood as any sort of reality or idea.  Fate had determined that one-day in the far future they would die in each other’s arms.  Fate’s ultimate gift and love’s greatest accomplishment in a way, and a true story of forever would be their experience.  Neither one cared about the future because they knew the future would work its way and that because of each other, everything would be okay.  Forever seemed so far away, but what happened now and then is what life is about, and to live life to its furthest extent they would, but now is the concern that was on their mind.	Brandon’s heart had been pounding the entire day in anticipation of the night’s arrival.  Perfection of a fairy tale could not have been truer in a sense.  Everything felt right and there was nothing to second guess on the subject of their love, and there was most definitely nothing standing in their way of reaching the destiny that eventually would be fought for, but successfully achieved in due time.  The beach stretched on forever, and the ocean did the same and in a metaphorical representation, their lives would carry on as such.  Brandon held Virginia’s hand determined never to let it go, never to hurt it, and always with a passion far exceeding any representation put forth by any artist.	Virginia had never expected to fall in love by any stretch of her imagination, so when realized, a bombshell of sorts exploded within her, but the opposite of damage it did.  A vacant space filled, and warmth not from her, but from a greater force too filled within her.  The greatest of Shakespeare’s sonnets, or most endearing and majestic of Beethoven’s symphonies could not portray even the slightest inkling of emotion felt for her lover.  She held Brandon’s hand in hers knowing the security and strength it accompanied.	They walked down the beach with the stars above wishing only to glimpse the stars within their eyes so as to attempt in vain, a futile attempt at such magnificence and desire to accompany them on their journey provided by the grand plan restricted solely to them.  A shooting star flashed overhead on its spectacular journey to its eventual decay at the mercy of the atmosphere, but the sacrifice it made would not go unnoticed and unforgotten as Brandon looked up and made a wish for eternity to grant them what eluded so many people.  He knew that the time for hesitation was through.		“Can we take a rest real quick?  There’s something we need to talk about.”	Virginia stood beside Brandon with her heart jumping.  She had a feeling that this would not be of a happy nature.	“Sure I guess.  Are you ok?” she asked.	“Yeah I’m fine.  There’s just been things I’ve wanted to tell you for a while, but I know you already know them.”	His stomach became a victim of dozens of little butterflies in an all-out war over which one could make him lose his dinner.  Virginia’s too reacted in the same manner, but as a little added bonus, a few bumps erupted over her body, and then tons more creating a chilling spasm to tighten all of her muscles around her body.  Brandon soon continued on with his monologue when his composure was once again regained.	“I’ve been in love with since the very moment I laid eyes on you, and you returned that love without a moments hesitation, and I wanted to say thank you for giving me reason to wake up each and every morning with anticipation of your quiet and sweet body laying next to mine.  Love has become so cliché these days that it has become an impossibility to find it and then identify it, but with you, I have nothing to worry about, and now I know that love is true and that love is forever.  I’ve been dying to ask you one burning question.  Will you be mine from here to eternity?  I’m asking you to share your life with me, now and forever.  I offer my love to you, and I am here for you forever, so will you grant me this one request, and I promise to never ask anything of you again.	Brandon got down on his right knee, reached into his left pocket and pulled out a small, velvet-wrapped box.  He then slowly opened it as the tiny diamond inside lit up the night sky.	“Will you do me the honor of committing yourself to us for as long as forever lasts?  What I’m asking may seem crazy, but will you marry me?”	Tears had been rolling down Virginia’s cheeks ever since “Will you be mine” and showed no signs of letting up.  Every dream she had ever had now became true as the question that lead to the ultimate determining factor had now been asked.  She looked down at her fiance with an even stronger love and knew that whatever happened from here on out would be with him.  She replied in a weak voice just one word that sealed up their fate.	“Yes!”	Brandon slid the ring around her finger, as both hands feverishly shook with excitement.  They embraced each other with an unbreakable grip as the next step on their never-ending staircase had been reached.This is just a short story I wrote when I was a Senior in high school. I though you might enjoy.
Written December 3rd, 2001 ©  on Dec 03 2001 05:44 AM PST   0  • 8