---
title: "To Accomplish Everything"
writer: "bdgrey"
slug: "to-accomplish-everything"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/7065-To-Accomplish-Everything-by-bdgrey"
---

A tower so bold and grand in its features looms in the distance.I've been searching for this unicorn of mine for the whole of my life.Above the sun beats down with persistence and unrelenting scorn.A wind has blown for months now and sand is embedded within my eyes.Nothing aside from the ocean of desert can be seen with the scope of my vision.In fact nothing has changed since the day my memory evaded me.Time has been of a great burdence to me on this pilgrimage of discovery.I have known little of sanity or relief lately and it gets worse with each passing day.Despite all this I moved on to persevere at my one goal in life.Now I have neared the end of my quest as this tower becomes more of a reality.The tower reaches on towards the heavens with the top exceeding the sky.No one thought it could or should be done, but as I near, they were all wrong.What a story to tell.One of victory and unrequited passion for success as my life will soon have meaning.With each passing step, my heart lightens and my vision clears.Though exausted, I push on with the energy found within my soul.Each step takes me closer to immortality and the bronzing of my name.All the years spent searching will soon be of worth.Alas! I am there! I stand at the base of this magnificent structure peering towards the heavens.I reach with a skeleton hand to touch this unicorn, and touch it I do.It is a work of art and not of fiction as I had been told many times before.Pride swells up within me, and a tear moves over my face.Suddenly it hits me with the force of a thousand failures.What now? Where do I go from here? Nothing is left to do, and I have accomplished everything, but nothing to show for it.If I turn around there will be the ocean again.I have nothing left to do in life except die.I look ahead, beyond the tower. I have never been there before.I look behind me. That's where I've spent my whole life.My dream has been reached. How can I go on with nothing to hope for?How can I go on with nothing to strive for?I awake in a cold sweat.I look to my left at the most beautiful sight in the world.The tower has disappeared in replace of what I had always wanted.My true passion in life, my inspiration, my everything.For it lay next to me breathing and dreaming as I had done.There was more to still do, for the my nightmare of accomplishing everything had ended.With so much to do, I had very little time to work with.My life would inevitably end with things to still do, but that would be fine.I knew love, and that was all that was important. Everything else was just a dream. Love is a reality and the tower that eluded me so was nothing more than another goal to be accomplished and followed by yet another tower.That is how I lived my life.That is how I became great.That is how you will remember me.I know this is weird, but hell, we all think differently.
Written October 9th, 2001 ©  on Oct 08 2001 05:28 PM PST   10  • 0  • 12