---
title: "Windmills and Wishing-wells (beginning of a children's compilation)"
writer: "UKpoet"
slug: "windmills-and-wishing-wells-beginning-of-a-childrens-compilation"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/11929-Windmills-and-Wishing-wells--beginning-of-a-childrens-compilation-by-UKpoet"
---

The beginning of a collection for children, and adults who are children at heart The following 3 poems are part of a collection currently being compiled under the title 'Windmills and wishing-wells'. An illustrator for the collection has yet to be decided. ***Moonbeam Lullaby*** (Dedicated to Erin Sims) Let's drift deep to lands of hushed mountains, fountains falling, soft as the breeze. Slowly slip to lands of soft moonbeams, drifting, sifting, quiet through the trees. Come away from day's tired taunting, haunting harshly, those left behind. Take my hand and let's spin together, never knowing just what we'll find. In our slow weaving we'll hear many things — A land where one sings to an easy-breeze rhyme In our light laughing we're safe from all harm, we'll rest in the calm of this sleepy-dream time ... and Soon the moon must find its way — going, glowing, gliding far far away Sadly, too, we have to be wending, ending evening to start a fresh day ... Copyright © 1996 David Taub (UKpoet@aol.com) ***Far Away*** (Dedicated to Megan Sims) How far or near is everywhere? Neither here and neither there – Is all and every anywhere here, Far far away? If always and never are far apart, like in between – both finish and start, and finish is end and beginning is start, then black and white are grey. Perhaps a maybe is more of a might, With wish and hope a dream in the night. But sadly, now, fast fades the light, And i must away. Copyright © 2001 David Taub (Ukpoet@aol.com) ***Fishing Wish*** (Dedicated to my son - Benjamin Taub) If wishes were fish to be caught in a stream, and bait on a hook was just a mere dream, what fish would you wish for? – what colour? – what size? And instead of a wish, you caught a surprise? If rivers were rumours of what swam below, And reeds on the bed played tunes soft and slow, What songs would they sing? – what words and what notes, as you drift ever on, in your hope of a boat? Copyright © 2001 David Taub (Ukpoet@aol.com)
Written November 1st, 2001 ©  on Nov 01 2001 02:47 AM PST   0  • 12  • 10