---
title: "untitled"
writer: "jcsherr"
slug: "untitled"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/7829-untitled-by-jcsherr"
---

sure, I came to you on that balmy november evening.you were dressed in casual clothes;I was not seeing.we chatted, the tv showplaying.in the meanwhile I was thinking of howi'd like to be with you, wantingto be with you, thoughyou were not behavinglike I.  at this pointI felt as though I was living a dream, a dream that I had wanted for solong to crystallize.  after commentingon the beauty of yourhands we were together: instant boyfriend.  though exciting it was, the snow-ball formed and began to widen.  my innocence crashingdownin a big heap.  all my morals, ideas, and previous beliefs were nothing.my naievete taking flight, noteven tellingme 'ciao.'three long months passed, duringwhich I felt more joy,passion, sadness, anger, and desperation in the nineteen years I had been alive.  with the passingof time I changed.  I decided that one can only endure somuch.  I knew that I was in way over my head, and sinkingrapidly.  no, I knew I could not be the one.  I returned the ringto you and left your life, forever.  now,on my own, I am experiencingsomething new, thoughI didn't think it was possible.  it's solitude.  at times I think I want you back, but knowingat the same time that I can't.  I am not pleading for you to bestowupon me everythingagain.  I can't ask for that.  I just want you to knowthat, yes, deep down, I still do care.  after all the threatening,pain, bitterness, and dreams flushed down long ago,I still care.  I know I always will.  but this is not a love song.  i'm not beggingfor your forgiveness; I know i've hurt you.  but don'tthink I'm not thinkingabout you every day.  and don't think i'm not hurting; don't think I don't regret sodeeply ever becominga part of your life.  don't think that when I go out at night and they talk about you i'm -- no --there's no use.  if you ever see me again, I pray that you see the surgery they've been doingon my heart.  I hopeyou see the hurting that i've been feeling.  I know i've felt yours for god knowshow many days.  i'm still here, breathing;and i'm tired, withdrawn, and alone.
Written March 26th, 1997 ©  on Oct 12 2001 07:12 PM PST   18  • 0  • 8