---
title: "Its' Time to eat - Part 1 (Breakfast)"
writer: "nhamo"
slug: "its-time-to-eat-part-1-breakfast"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/18742-Its-Time-to-eat---Part-1--Breakfast--by-nhamo"
---

The time is 7:00am and we have just arrived in my hometown in Zimbabwe, Mutare. My mind is occupied with food as I am ravaged with hunger. I look at you and I can almost taste it. You look back at me and it’s pretty obvious that we are thinking of the same thing. We take a turn into 'Old Umtali' Road and do a bit of sight seeing as it is turning out to be a great day. I draw your attention to a bold mountain in the distance and tell you that its called 'Rufuro', the gods' grazing ground, a perfect and fitting name for a feeding place. You suddenly get excited and ask me to take you there. We drive for 10 minutes and my eyes keep wondering, feasting on your beautiful body. You see this and you start getting turned on.We eventually reach Mount Rufuro and I hold your hand to steady your climb to the top. We find a nice flat rock and spread our blanket and you huskily ask, 'so sweetie, what's for break fast?' and I reply, 'well'...Breakfast I gently nudge you ear and say 'you are breakfast baby'. You giggle and shudder as I insert my tongue into your ear. I slowly suck and lick your ear lobe and leave a trace of saliva from your ear to your neck. You cry out with passion as I kiss you neck and gently bite into your shoulder muscle. My touch feels like fire on your back and you cry out for more. I turn you around and give you a earth shuttering kiss that last for 10 minutes. I lick you lips and traces circles on the edge of your mouth. I gently kiss you eyes, nose, cheeks, chin, forehead and back to you mouth. I reach into our picnic basket and pull out strawberries, you open your mouth to bite and I take the first bite and kiss you as you lick and suck on my tongue devouring and stealing the fruit from my mouth. I start kissing you shoulders and I can sense that you are hot and wet. You moan for me to take you and I keep licking and sucking. My tongue leaves trails on you arms as I slowly move down to your hands. I constantly bite into your arm and you cry out with pleasure. I gently insert your index finger into my mouth and gently suck on it. The warmth of my tongue causes you to scream and a few birds above use cry out in alarm.The heat really begins to rise as I suck on each and every finger ending with the palms of you hands. I trace my tongue back to your ear and insert it deep into your ear. You start unzipping my pants and I gently move your hand aside. You cry out in frustration as I kiss you on the mouth and tell you 'Breakfast is over, let’s prepare for lunch. We resume our sight seeing and I have to hold you as your are still dizzy from the glorious breakfast.What for lunch I wonder??
Written March 20th, 2001 ©  on Nov 28 2001 12:19 AM PST   0  • 16