---
title: "Its time to eat Part 2"
writer: "nhamo"
slug: "its-time-to-eat-part-2"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/18966-Its-time-to-eat-Part-2-by-nhamo"
---

It’s time to eat part 2We take a rest after climbing rocks and getting scratched by twigs. You suggest we find a cool shade to rest under and I suggest an even better idea, 'baby, why don't we take a dip in the nearby river called 'Chiodzani meaning evever freshaters?”? you giggle and say 'Oh yes!!.We make our way to the river and we find a quite secluded part of the river called 'Dzivakondo' meaning the pool for the Kingfisher. We test the water and it’s just perfect. You stop and throw me a naughty glance and say 'what's for lunch?' and in turn I say, ' Dzivarakondo holds enough to satisfy our hunger'.LUNCHI slowly unbutton your blouse and you tense from the cool breeze against your skin. I exchange my fingers for my mouth and I slowly undo you blouse whilst breathing on your skin. You respond with desire and I hold back teasing you. A couple of frogs make  noises in the distance but for us, nothing exist except you and I. I gently ease the blouse off  your shoulders and you react with a sense of vulnerability. I take you into my arms to ease your nerves and I start kissing you shoulders and neck feeling you neck muscles with my tongue. You in turn pull off my T-shirt and gently massage my chest. The mood is getting hot by now and I unbutton your pants and pull them off. You do the same to me and at the end we are both naked standing on the riverside.I playfully splash water on you body and you scream out.  You shove me into the water and I grab your hand and we both fall in. You emerge from the bottom of the river looking like a beauty of mythical stature and I say to my self I must be the luckiest man on the planet. You slowly make you way toward me and I embrace you and kiss you passionately. I whisper in your ear 'baby, lunch is served' as I scoop you in my arms and put you on a protruding rock in the middle of the river. My hands trace circles on you chest and nipples and you arch forward urging me to devour you. My breathing becomes heavy and I gently take one of you nipples into my mouth. The feeling is sensational and you cry out with pleasure. I gently suck, blow, suck, bite, suck, lick and you shudder with uncontrollable ecstasy.My mouth moves to your collarbone and lives a trail of saliva ending at the center of your chest. My hands cup you breasts and my thumbs play with your nipples. I gently blow on you skin and lick the water of your body like wine. My attention starts to be drawn to your pleasure box but I fight it, as I need to feed my unsatible hinsatiabletrace a path from your chest to your torso and you react by arching you body to meet my mouth. I bury my tongue into you belly button and lick until my tongue gets sore. You moan with pleasure as I place light kisses on you belly and move slowly back up. My senses are now clouded with desire for you and I take half you breast into my mouth and hungrily suck and flick your nipple with my tongue. I turn you around and straddle your back and you raise your lower region to meet my manhood. I'm tempted to enter you but I hold myself back and kiss the back of your neck and massage you shoulder and back. My tongue playfully flicker across your back and you moan in the most lustful way I had ever heard which prompts me to hungrily lick you back and drink beads of water of your spine. I place my fingers on you back and gently rub you spine. You beg me to take you and I say no and you cry out. I turn you back up and kiss you deeply and suck your tongue. I drip water onto you breast and start to suck you dry as my hands travelled down your body tracing every contour and bump. You ask me to take you and I slowly ease down to your pleasure spot. You moan as you anticipate the sensation but I stop and kiss you gently and say 'Lunch is over honey, lets refresh with a dip in the river”. You scream out and shove me back in the water and I say ' dinner is around the corner and its going to be an all you can eat buffet'.I can't wait for dinner!
Written March 20th, 2001 ©  on Nov 28 2001 05:36 PM PST   18  • 0  • 16