---
title: "New World Order Directives (Adult No One Under 21 Allowed!)"
writer: "Foretold Events"
slug: "new-world-order-directives-adult-no-one-under-21-allowed"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/44354-New-World-Order-Directives--Adult-No-One-Under-21-Allowed---by-Foretold-Events"
---

starstorm_1: Latest Briefing from high-level National Security 

Informant 11/26/00 by Richard Boylan, Ph.D., LLC 



He emerged from his vehicle in the parking lot of a fancy hotel near the shoreline, attired in dress-casual clothes with sunglasses, thrust out his hand, and said, "Hi! I'm [Z]" (name withheld in this dispatch). With that, I met face-to-face with one of the highest-level informants in the U.S. National Security network. What follows are extracts from our three hours-long conversation. "Z" was deeply concerned about current events in the Middle East. He said the National Security community considers that the place where soon war could break out which would engulf not only the Middle East, drawing in not only Syria, Iraq, Jordan, and possibly Egypt, Turkey and Iran, but also draw in larger powerful states such as India and Russia. Then, with India's attention diverted, China could march into areas of India it considers within its sphere of influence. The Western Powers would have to respond, and global war would become a reality. He said that the Intelligence community expects a major terrorist strike within the United States this Winter, most likely a biological warfare agent dispersed across a city of note, or even a nuclear weapon detonated. He noted grimly that 18 Soviet nuclear warheads have gone missing, and are most likely in terrorist hands now. He considered anthrax the most likely biowarfare agent to be used, but allowed as that there are other killer microbes available to the terrorists also. He said terrorist groups are within the U.S. now. Z stated that the U.S. is quietly on ThreatCon Delta, the equivalent of the Pentagon's wartime DefCon 4 (active war) alert status. ThreatCon Delta is the highest level of civilian threat alert condition, because biological or nuclear incidents are considered likely to occur at any time now. Because of ThreatCon Delta, classified sections of the National Security Act (amended) and secret Presidential National Security Directives have become activated. "Did you know," Z asked me, "that the President is not in charge now. FEMA [the Federal Emergency Management Agency] is!" I replied that that is unconstitutional. Z replied that the classified laws and NSD Directives make it legal. We discussed the various huge underground city-like installations that are all stocked and staffed and prepared to take in a certain portion of the population in the event of a disaster or terrorist strike happening. Such installations include one under the Kansas City stadium, with a capacity to take care of one million selected persons. Many such installations exist and are ready to go. There is also a "shadow government", Z told me, with substitute President, Vice-President, Cabinet officers, heads of Senate and Congress, Supreme Court Justices and other top governmental officials ready to function if disaster strikes "topside". Thus he confirmed earlier leaked reports about a secret Continuity of Government plan. He also confirmed that the "REX Exercise" authorized by President Reagan was a dry-run dress rehearsal of the taking over of command of the government, legislature 
starstorm_1: and courts by the unelected shadow government, implemented, if necessary, by federalized FEMA troops. Z then got down to the more exotic areas of mutual interest. He confirmed the previously-anecdotal story about President Nixon's having taken then-famous television star Jackie Gleason to Homestead Air Force Base , Florida, and showed him the corpses of Zeta Reticulan (Grey) crewmen retrieved from a UFO crash. Z said that he, too, had viewed those bodies. He indicated that the Bilderberg Council (a transnational elite world policy planning group comprised of heads of some governments and multinational corporations) interacts with "The Nine", a group of extraterrestrial representatives from a Council of coordination for many cosmic super-civilizations in contact with Earth. Phyllis Schlemmer spoke of this in her classic book, "The Only Planet of Choice". Schlemmer herself occasionally is a channel for The Nine. Z also confirmed what black-projects defense industry-insider Edgar Rothschild Fouche wrote about in his recent book, "Alien Rapture": the existence of the TR3-B, a large triangular antigravity craft within the U.S. antigravity fleet. This fleet also includes: the B-2 Stealth bomber, made by Northrop, the Lockheed X-22A two-man antigravity disc, the large space-faring Nautilus, manufactured by Boeing and EU's Airbus Industries, Northrop's discoid craft, and the XH-75D or "XH Shark" antigravity helicopter, made by Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical Corporation of San Diego. Here is what Z had to say about the TR3-B triangular antigravity craft. "TR3-B. This is the code name for what everyone on Earth has seen. It is a very large triangular-shaped re-entry vehicle with anti-gravity. It is what the November issue of Popular Mechanics identified as the Lenticular Reentry Vehicle, a nuclear-powered flying saucer, the first version of which went operational in 1962, [the version Popular Mechanics illustrated.] "It was used in Gulf War's early hours with electromagnetic-pulse/laser cannons. It literally sat mid-air, firing long-, m-, short-range to take out antennas, towers, communications, air traffic control towers, TV dishes and centers, etc. For three hours, these three triangles [TR3-Bs] just sat there blowing up everything in sightedium. Then the Stealth fighters had fun for the rest of the day into the early evening next night. Then [followed] carpet bombings from high altitude B-52 Strato-Fortresses. They dumped all the old, aged Vietnam-era crap [munitions]; a third blew up and the rest [were] duds. "Anyways, the TR3B has been in testing since the '60s. BUT it has only been perfected for the last 8 years [1992]. It is a good remake of what Truman first saw, [the Roswell semi-circular craft]. It is compartmentalized, built by the Skunk Works {Lockheed-Martin's classified plant at Palmdale, CA) and Boeing. It is housed in Utah. Remember Utah?" Z was reminding me of his earlier revelation that the U.S. Space Command has located its prime headquarters and antigravity space-launch fleet facility beneath the tallest mountain in the Wasatch Range east of Salt Lake City, Utah. "This is the end of that story. This is what people have seen, which I could safely estimate more than 90% of the times. The other 10% is what you seek, the real! [extraterrestrial 
starstorm_1: UFOs]." I politely disagreed with Z's estimate, since I doubted that the U.S. antigravity fleet was numerous enough to account for the hundreds of daily sightings. But I thanked him for all his information, and for so graciously driving a distance to rendevous with me. I certainly hope that the destructive incidents that the current ThreatCon Delta alert is set for do not happen. But I also believe that the American public has a right to know what I have learned. Thus you have this report. Richard Boylan, Ph.D., LLC "Incoming": Part Two of Latest Briefing by high-level National Security Informant by Richard Boylan, Ph.D., LLC (c)2000 In the previous report, I wrote of what the National Security informant I'll call "Z" had to say about such matters as current terrorist threats, the U.S. antigravity craft fleet, and what U.S. Presidents have known about ET visitation. But there was more. That is included in this second report. Many will recall the uproar in the newspapers and on television several months ago when NASA reported that astronomers had spotted a huge asteroid out in deep space on a trajectory to strike the Earth in 2030. This story generated much press attention and interviews. And then suddenly NASA did a follow-up news release, this one saying that astronomers had made an error, and that upon rechecked calculations, the asteroid would miss Earth by thousands of miles. Great sighs of editorial relief took place all over the world. But Z says there is more. Actually, the first news release was the accurate one! NASA released it to allow the authorities to gauge what public reaction would be to the doomsday announcement. Actually, the world took the news without extraordinary immediate panic and hysteria. But NASA then retracted the story, to avoid the long-term corrosive effect of such news on society, so that life could go on as normal, and people would not begin to question why they were going to their boring jobs and paying the mortgage when massive destruction was coming anyway. And so the stock market would not crash, nor other institutions lose allegiance from the public. Z added some details on the Doomsday asteroid. It is indeed huge, larger than five miles by 10 miles: the size of a small county. NASA has also calculated the impact zone: the north Atlantic, somewhere between Europe and the United States and Canada. It will have devastating impact. As it comes through the atmosphere, it will create the loudest sound humans have ever heard in history, a noise which will be heard around the world. The pressure waves caused by its impact will fracture the immediate tectonic plate it strikes, and create great earthquakes everywhere. Its impact will create tremendous tidal waves that will tower well above one mile high. Scientists have calculated, for example, that everything on the U.S. eastern seaboard below 5000' facing the wave will be inundated. Similarly, monstrous waves will be generated eastward towards Europe's Atlantic coast and elsewhere. Z revealed that emergency plans have already been drafted. One such plan calls for important designated persons to be placed aboard the largest airliners and go airborne to ride out the earthquakes and tidal waves from a safe altitude. Z said that currently government and military planners are
starstorm_1: desperately figuring out strategies to prevent the disaster: for example, whether to try to deflect the asteroid by explosions from rockets with nuclear warheads sent out into space to meet the asteroid. But even such a plan has downside risks. What if the nukes do not nudge the asteroid out of its current course, but instead fragment it, so that instead of one big object, several enormous pieces are created which still continue in their current course and strike with a wider shotgun pattern of destruction on Earth? The planners and scientists continue to wrestle with choices and decisions, feverishly working despite the huge rock's being a little over 29 years away. There is a second large object incoming of quite a different kind, Z stated, and it is due much sooner. This object is due around 2011-2012, and has already been spotted by Naval observers coming from a direction visible from the Southern Hemisphere. Z confirmed that this is the Tenth Planet of our solar system, which takes an extremely elliptical orbit,. He said it is the one of which Orientalist scholar Zecharia Sitchin has written in his books decoding the Sumerian tablets. These tablets also spoke of a Tenth Planet, with a 3600-year orbit cycle. That planet, which they called Nibiru, is inhabited by the extraterrerstrials who told the Sumerians that they bioengineered humans, using Earth primate stock and extraterrestrial genes. I commented to Z that perhaps then we will meet our makers in 2012, before we later meet our Maker in 2030, (if a solution to the asteroid is not worked out beforehand.) I thanked Z for sharing the news, although it is weighty indeed. And after he finished, I understood better the momentous concerns that some high in government wrestle with, and why some in government feel that the people are better off not knowing. Nevertheless, I believe that information is our public right. And knowledge is power. 

Richard Boylan, Ph.D., LLC*** Be Advised *** This concludes this test of the emergency broadcast system. We now join the regular scheduled broadcast all ready in progress. (How many will actually believe this? How easy will anyone be deceived? Deception will be so great at times it will fool even the most elect. Well scripture of Matthew states that)  


Matt 24:24
24	For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.
(KJV)
Written February 23rd, 2002 ©  on Jul 04 2002 03:48 AM PST   0  • 13