---
title: "One Titanic Moment.. (--Final Message--)"
writer: "Foretold Events"
slug: "one-titanic-moment-final-message-"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/43291-One-Titanic-Moment..----Final-Message----by-Foretold-Events"
---

27 Feb 2027 05:45 hrs

User: D_Clark@neo.org

Data systems: Transmission log 1 of 1:


Subject: Last hours of Glory



Final order was giving approximately five minutes ago of a full code alpha strike; I see a sky filled with many red flames now. An armada of high-grade nuclear warheads was launched in mass proportions. A spectacular view of such beauty of mans final stand against this massive beast has began. Such a glorious sight of mans last battle of this age for we hope and pray never again will we need such power. Enough power to almost create a sun was sent into space with all prayers to save this dying race. A world in pure silence as all stood still this hour, a time of pure thoughts of the past how many accepted each and everyone one. All walks of man stood together with hands held and hugs given. Target interception was calculated to be within the next thirty minutes. Calculated blast would be so brilliant of light that all darkness will be gone for about seven seconds. Such a radiant blinding light could be seen as far away as our ninth planet. I share with you the last hours of glory of all mankind for all hearts are beating rapidly. This whole world will hold its breath as the great light shines of the asteroid’s destruction. I feel a great spiritual energy now, as my own guides are ready for me as the time is very near. I somehow know what to expect as I feel their arms ready as I ready myself for the light. Minutes have become eternity now for us as we embrace this great race of hearts filled with love. I shall not perish alone as we are joined together with differences that are so small they are now overlooked. Each brother and sister of this land joins hands across the world with the tears of pure joy and courage. Each man woman and child was glowing in light with such a great amount of energy. So much energy you will feel this even many centuries later after this day. Mother Earth is crying out as her children walk ever so closer to pure light now. An eerie calm has come over the air as the birds stopped singing. Even all crickets of the night fell silent. Sudden wind blew across the lands of the white dove then stopped as soon as it started. From the sight of darkness instantly became the brightest day of magnificent brilliant light. All grounds were illuminated for a brief time as the fury of all mans devastation ignited in space. Several seconds passed then all went a light red in the sky. A red sunrise became of this morning of such harmony absent of any fear. This sunrise will never be forgotten as I glance to everyone embracing each other outside in pure joyful wonderment. Absolutely the greatest of all sights in all my time have I seen then this triumphant morning of pure splender. Words of pure rejoice and cheer is being shouted out with a heart filled with pure adrenaline now. One titanic moment of pure heroism screamed out, as if the heavens are applauding as well. . The greatest celebration of this worlds final battle of a war no man could ever see a chance of winning. You will cherish such great times ahead of you as well, for you will look past any days that seem dark to you now. As the beast failed on his attempts for he was blinded by such hate, he failed to see the grand surprise. For all who fallen just before the beast had come began to rise. Words written before as I wrote them have come to pass. Yet words of this beast that shall fall down from heaven did not. For once in my life I have been so glad to be as wrong as all the scientists who gave us no chance at all. This human race as one has beaten the most unthinkable odds once again. A day that will be said for countless millenniums of just a short time ago mother earth survived a third attempt of destruction. Man has been seen very primitive in its time as compared to the times now. For man shall not be primitive no more. We shall embark on our greatest journeys that lie ahead. We welcomed such a sight of this pure red sun as it rose over the blood drenched sky. This has never been seen by man, a day of such power as this but used to save instead of destroy. Nature’s wounds will heal like those of mans, as time will heal any wound. Such great spiritual energy is flowing now, as everyone seems to be glowing in radiant light as I look at everyone in the streets with tears flowing of pure joy. Seems we have defeated this beast from the cosmos, one who has never been defeated before. I welcome you to such a great New Earth for it has changed already…  something is happening..!! aas  a great explosion just sounded now all ground is shaking violently as I look out to see what this is.. I see a great object falling at such speeds a great fiery hell falling down from the sky…. can barley type fast enough.. it falling so fast! .. it has just hit so much power.. such pure hell of flames a light more then a thousands suns enguling everything huge sound shattering all windows.. cant bare heat.. such great rage of furious heat.. massive wave of pure fire is spreading so fast! Victory will be ours aalways  keep in the light for I will bbetherealways,.


End of transmission 

27 Feb 2027 09:11 hrs

> Error: destination unreachable

User: unknownFinal message sent and saved in the data system. 27 Feb 2027, 09:11 hours, In One Titanic Moment... a blinding flash of light, that of a thousand suns as the massive asteroid struck the north polar region, devastation was horrific with a mass incineration of all living. Glory was the final outcome that will be passed onto the next. This final challenge of the third cycle proved its value. Many did survive on both Lunar and Mars colonies. A lesson of true faiths of all denominations met this day. Mother earth has seen this Tyrant twice before, and did once more, but unlike the dinosaurs man did survive. As man was seen so primitive before, he shall be primitive no more. : ) A world of peace will be immortal against the beast and time.
Written February 20th, 2002 ©  on Feb 20 2002 01:19 PM PST   0  • 13