---
title: "'Mr. Mandrake'"
writer: "access denied"
slug: "mr-mandrake"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/10488-Mr.-Mandrake-by-access-denied"
---

'Mr. Mandrake'Mr. Mandrake enters a store to buy a bottle of cheap wine.Looks like ripple tonight'The wine cost $4.70 but he only has $4.00 in his pocket.Mr. Mandrake takes the bottle up to the store clerk to purchase'the clerk rings it up on the new infrared scanner and it totals $4.70Mandrake pulls out four crusty looking bills and hands it to the clerk, the clerk says, i need .70 cents more, Mandrake replies' thats all i have on me! The clerk say's to Mr.Mandrake, we don't do credit here! sorry!Now Mr. Mandrake being kinda wise asked the clerk, you take credit cards right? The clerk said yes we do! Well! Mandrake said, thats credit right?Well yes the clerk added! But that is money too! Well! Mandrake then replied, that isn't money it's plastic!! But it is used as money the clerk replied!!!! You notice the clerk is getting a little pissed:)Well I have some copper out side in my cart that i just picked up over there in that old building. I could give you that for the difference of .70 cents, it is worth atleast $5.00 And a good deal if you were smart, you would make money!Listen!!!! The clerk said, i am not taking some nasty old copper pipes or whatever in exchange for 70. cents OK? either you come up with the .70 cents or put the bottle back.... damn!!!!Mr. Mandrake adds, hey whipper snapper!! Look on those $1.00 bills, what do you see? Uh!!! George Washington the clerk being a smarty said. No Mr. Mandrake refrased! what does it say?The clerk read all it said, then when he got to where it said note, Mr. Mandrake stopped him, see!!! see!!! Mr. Mandrake said, It isn't real money either, it is an I.O.U. Now let me make you out an I.O.U and sign it, then i will cash in the copper tommorow and repay you with the other paper I.O.U.that has George Washington's face on it!The clerk flips!! You got to be kidding old man!!! Your weird!! Am i now You little snapper? Let me ask you something, what if that was a $5.00 dollar bill? The clerk said then i would have gave you back .30 cents idiot!! Mr. Mandrake then adds, what is the difference between a $1.00 bill and a $5.00 bill? The clerk can't believe this!!! He say's to Mandrake you are stupid!!!Am i now Mandrake replies!! They both say on them, notes, and one has a 5 and one has a 1, is one president worth more than the other? Jesus the clerk is sweating!!! Mandrake then say's, they weight the same. Look! Mandrake added, those papers are just instruments of debt!!!! Now i have some real instrinsic value outside.The clerk gives up!! Ok old man i will pay the difference out of my own pocket just to get rid of you!! No Mr. Mandrake say's, You can't pay for it with zinc!!! those coins are worthless nowadays, You can make real good old fashion pennies out of all that copper i have outside, and make a profit to, i'll give the copper to you anyway hehehehe.It is true, the older the wiser.
Written October 26th, 2001 ©  on Oct 25 2001 07:56 PM PST   0  • 14