---
title: "If These Clouds Could Talk"
writer: "Wolfman"
slug: "if-these-clouds-could-talk"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/10057-If-These-Clouds-Could-Talk-by-Wolfman"
---

As I lay in my bed the old wooden clock in the living room sounds 3.The stars are out shining brightly and there are a few clouds visible which drift so slowly past my window.I find myself once again, thinking of you as the tears fill my eyes, slowly they drip down onto my pillow.I can’t believe that God was so wrong or that I was so blind, that you aren’t the one for me, but if you are, why are we still apart?Questions left unanswered just like everything else left unsaid and undone between us.Yet another sleepless night, tossing and turning thinking of you, wishing you were here so that I can touch you, kiss you softly and gently run my fingers from your neck down to your stomach and back up again.The obsession is quit clear that I do love you with everything that makes me… MEAnd still I pray to God up above to hear my prayer, answer my prayer.It really feels like I’m talking to the wall, cause I get no answer back and no submission.A wise man once said: “when your heart gets broken or is in longing, it becomes like a rock that gets split in two, when the water splash freezes inside of it.  Nor is it the rock’s fault that this happens, It was just the way of nature, life.  Just like that split rock you took a wrong turn, to get back in the saddle would be the big challenge.”  I do accept that challenge, but all I want is you…All I ever wanted was you; you are the one I’m destined to be with, the one sent for me.  I asked the Lord many moons ago to send me someone to love, and when I started feeling this way about you, I knew that you were the one I was destined to be with.After all this time, I still feel the same way about you; actually it feels a lot stronger than it was.  These feelings inside I can’t hide, cause it’s part of me, just like you are a part of me.  Oh how I long for you to say what you feel is true and that honestly you love me more than anything. For you to love me the same way I love you is what I long for, for us to be together the way it should be, the way it’s meant to be.I get up and go out my house standing on the lawn looking at the sky above.Crying out to God, to whoever will listen to my quest, my destiny, my longing, my sorry, my heartache, my needs, my wants and just listen to me.Try to comprehend what I feel for you; even you can listen to what I have to say.“Lord, hear my prayer.  I long to be loved by her.  I long to be with her.  Touch her skin, kiss her lips and touch her again.  I want her to be close, share my life, as I will hers.  Am I always to live in this pain that was postoned upon me?  I pray tonight for her to love me as I love her.  She is all I’ve ever wanted, all I ever need.  For her to feel what I feel, obsessed with an ‘us.’  Hear my prayer oh Lord, make me whole again.  I really need a miracle from you.  I know that I’m maybe asking for too much, but at least I try.  Hear my prayer tonight.  As I look up to the heavens for comfort.  Amen.”  If those clouds could talk they’d tell you a tale of tales…
Written October 22nd, 2001 ©  on Oct 23 2001 11:39 PM PST   18  • 0  • 8