---
title: "'Eyes of a Teen'"
writer: "darkone"
slug: "eyes-of-a-teen"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/7706-Eyes-of-a-Teen-by-darkone"
---

'Eyes of a Teen'	I am thought out to be just a youth trying to make decisions that araren'tasy but I look at with the best of thought. I am looked at as if I am expected to do things just because of my age, how is it that we are looked upon with such criticism. Everyone talks about racism today in our world but how about something that people have been blinded from for way to long. Teens are easily made out to be reckless and are the first ones to blame when something goes wrong. It seems because we are young that we can not make logical decisions, but instead ones that put us and the others around us in danger. Were all young and yes we are going to make mistakes, however to hold one teens mistakes over the head of the teen community as a whole is just another example of stereotyping. We are being put on talk shows and not one teen does'nt have some flaw in their personality and actions. When you look at the situation through the eyes of a teen you will see a picture so universaly known by today's society of youth. Close your eyes and vision your view of a problem in a much smaller angle, and limit your options to what you are capable of in our shoes.You can see that we have so much weight on our shoulders to make a good decision that we buckle under the pressure. Why not choose something you feel is comfortable and you will benefit from, because the adults around you are doing the same. They already know the consequences unlike you who have been left with an image of no control, for that is the way we feel. We make a bad choice cause we have been told for as long as we have been a youth that we are expected to. If you really saw into my eyes you would see a teen with a problem much like the rest of us, we are looked at like we are bound to cause trouble and do something wrong. When you think about us with more trust and less doubt you will be making it easier on all of us who share the burden of insecurity in our teen life. See us like you never have before, see oppurtunity of a bright future with just alittle help from those we look up to with trust. No matter what dont ever stop believing in us, because we are the next genration and beneficiaries to the world as we know it.
Written October 12th, 2001 ©  on Oct 12 2001 06:22 AM PST   18  • 0  • 9