---
title: "The weirdest dream ever ( a story)"
writer: "imageofagirl"
slug: "the-weirdest-dream-ever-a-story"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/47709-The-weirdest-dream-ever---a-story--by-imageofagirl"
---

me my mom and my dad were involved in a courtcase, to win this court case we had to have my mothers mother there to testify, but she was dead, so my mom brought her body in to my room( which was all shrivelled up), and she resurected it (some how) and it it inflated, and started beating me up, but no one would do anything about it. Then me and and my parents won the court case, but my mom and dad were fighting, I went into my room,and there was a table in the middle of the room and my dad's stuff was on it, and it was all messy( i have just in real life done a huge cleaning thing in my room) so I was mad, and i looked away from my room and yelled at my dad that he had messed up my room, and he said, no I didn't, and when I looked back, my room was nice and neat and there was no stuff in it. Then my parents divorced, and my mom was getting remarried, at the mall for some reason. And i was late for the wedding, and it was being held in a Coles book store, but when I went up to go in, they were like only over 18 allowed, and I am 18, but they wouldn't let me in cuz I didn't have ID so i called on my cell phone home, and this man answered and I said, is this your house, and he said yes, and I said, no I live there, and then he explained he was a cousin, and him and his wife tracy (his name was rick) were coming to my moms wedding. So as I talked I walked around the mall in a big circle, and I gave my tuque to this guy who is in my law class, (i don't know why) and asked him to watch it, and then I sat down and this guy from one of my last years classes, started singing me a song, and at the end he told me he loved me, and that he wanted to go out with me that night. I said sure we'll hang out I guess. and then i kept walking, and I walked past a swimming pool with people in it, who were diving in and out of the water like dolphins, and I kept walking, just thinking I was crazy. Finally I got back to coles, and I ended the phone conversation, and I was like are you and your wife coming to the wedding, and he said no I can't find my wife, and I was like I thought the reason you were at my house was because you were coming to the wedding, and then I was like I'll just tell my mom you wanted to be there, it was rick and tracy right, and he said no our names aren't rick and tracy (he yelled it) and then I looked up at the coles sign, and the phone in my hand dissapeared, and the mall looked normal. So then I tried to get into coles, and while I was in line I was drinking a new york fries pop, and a woman asked me if I was drinking gravy,and I said no, i don't think so, and then i looked back at my cup and it was empty, and I had just bought it. So i finally got inside, and I went down a hallway, and I had missed the wedding, but the hallway led to the airplane where my mom was, becuase she was going on her honeymoon, so I got on, and I found my mom who was drunk already with her husband. And I said congratulations mom, and she hiccupped, Then a woman behind me touched my hair and told me it looked pretty in pig tails, and I said thanks, when I looked back, we were driving down a road, in this airplane to go to NY, and I realized we were going to take off soon, and I said how am I going to get off of this airplane, and her husband said I dont' know, and I started crying, and my mom kept drinking, and then he's like I guess you'll have to come with us, to orlando ( i don't know why he said orlando, I was sure it was NY), and then i yelled I don't want to go to NY, and then the phone rang and I woke up. 

It was the weirdest weirdest dream ever, 
and insight, please write. 
Everything in the dream was really jumpy, and the colours were really melded together, it was weird, and I would focus on one thing at a time, such as the coles sign, or the woman talking, and then I would look back, such as at the cell phone and it changed. 
Also I kept thinking I was crazy throughout the whole dream, 
VERY VERY StrangeOMG I don't know, what the hell eh?
Written March 4th, 2002 ©  on Mar 04 2002 02:31 PM PST, melissa upfold   0  • 10