---
title: "Fuck Up of the Day"
writer: "Phantompx4"
slug: "fuck-up-of-the-day"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/19323--Up-of-the-Day-by-Phantompx4"
---

At times when I'm alone I can't help but think of you.And it's times like this that my fondest memories of you flashBy me like a flash card game.The memories where I felt so Happy so alive.And back then my heart only bled for you,And kept it's tactic rhythm true.And I'm the fool for wanting to hold onto you?YOU STUPID FUCKING CUNT! Didn't you realize that it was suppose to be me andYou right down to the end.You know I use to remember such happy lazy days whenWe were swept away by each other's love.WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT! AS a matter of fact, where did it all go wrong?YOU LOVED HIM I KNOW YOU DID!HOW WAS I SAPOSE TO ACEPT THIS!Sharee before you let so much go it was perfect.THINK ABOUT IT!YOU RUINED IT NOW, I HOPE YOU CAN'T SLEEP AND YOU DREAM ABOUT IT!AND WHEN YOU DREAM I HOPE YOU CANT SLEEP, AND YOU SCREAM ABOUT IT!I HOPE YOUR CONSCIOUS EATS AT YOU! AND YOU CAN'T BREATH WITHOUT IT!Ohhh but I'm supposed to be the real friend now, right?Now that he's tossed you aside, I'll comfort you as you did me.JUST PULL OUT THAT FUCK'IN KNIFE YOU STUCK IN ME!Ohh but I'm not done yet. No that's not the sickest thing of all.This time all the dirty secrets come out the wall.You're mad after how insensitive I was after he got rid of you?OPPS YOU MISSED THAT LITTLE HINT DIDN'T YOU!YOU WERE USED BITCH GET A CLUE!I WAS THE ONE WHO LOVED YOU! HEY I'M OVER HERE!WHY DO YOU NEVER WANT TO BE NEAR!YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE I WAS FUCKING WAS'NT THAT CLEAR!OHH YOUR Neighborhood BOY TOY HAD HIS DICK IN YOUR EAR!You know first loves come and go.But you really fucked this one you really blow!All my fondest memories, you've torched them all.All I have left is ash, hardly a memory at all.That table and chest I made it was all a waste of breath!Now what do I do? What do I have left?What the fuck is my problem, I'm still breathing hard!God I must have been some kind of fuck'in retard!Well shit! It's all right now I'm out of the way.Go ahead make your new fuck up of the day!
Written November 30th, 2001 ©  on Nov 30 2001 05:17 AM PST   18  • 0  • 1