---
title: "So, You've Decided to Join the Dark side, Luke?"
writer: "The Golden Pen"
slug: "so-youve-decided-to-join-the-dark-side-luke"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/11215-So--Youve-Decided-to-Join-the-Dark-side--Luke--by-The-Golden-Pen"
---

Luke!!!! You, young Jediknight of yore!!!Argh!!!! You’ve finally have joined the dark side!Have you forgotten who you were before?A brave young Jediknight with good sentiments in whom I could confideYou were a noble young knight indeed...Defender of the galaxy!!With a tremendous amount of skill and speed!  Do tell, Luke!!! What or who possessed you and urge you to joinThe Emperial crusade?Was it a dark voice which stirred up some yearning in your loinThat did so cunningly persuadeA nobel Jediknight with your caliberTo betray the Rebel cause?For shame!!!Now, tell me.... what would Master Yoda sayIf I were to take you before the Council?'Hmmmmm! Young Luke....Tsk, Tsk! Join the darkside, did you?Tell us this...How feels it your betrayal? How feels it your betrayal?Hmmmmm! Turn over , young Jedi...your lightsaber!You are certainly a disgraceTo the Rebel base..and the Jedi Temple!'  What a shame, Luke!!! You’ve betrayed even me, your sis!Our father, Anakin Skywalker turns over in his grave...Now you’ve crossed the line, young skywalker and have joined the Sith..What? You think you are so brave?Even our father, Anakin Skywalkerthought twice and mended his evil ways...and turned over to ‘our’ side...The good side..Have you forgotten, Luke how Obi Won Kenobi turned you into a Master Jedi?What happened to your heart, young skywalker? How dare you to defyThe Force, young man!!!Once your heart emanated so much joy, love, peace and lightNow it is dark...darker than Emperor Palpatine’s soul..Are you really certain, Luke, that this is worth a fight...Resist! Resist the wretched callOf the Empireal StarshipAnd return to your previous roleOf defender of the galaxy...Don’t let Master Yoda stripYou of your Jedi powers!!! Resist! Resist if you will!!!Jedi Master Luke.... As Princess of Alderan and your beloved sister...I command you to reconsider!!And turn back from the Darkside into the light of goodness, strength and honor!!!Use the Force, Luke to resist the Darkside May the Force of goodness be your shieldIn which you can always, always confide..The Force will always lead you to the right path! The Force is your Guild....Resist, Resist all hate and wrath!!! Mary Gonzalez © Copyright, 19991999, My own Star War parody! :O)
Written October 29th, 2001 ©  on Oct 29 2001 01:54 AM PST, Mary Aris   0  • 14