---
title: "a night on the town"
writer: "Autotomy"
slug: "a-night-on-the-town"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/31041-a-night-on-the-town-by-Autotomy"
---

I forgot to take the pretty pills my only friend now lies dead in the bakery departmenthe always said sweets would be the end of himclean up isle fourWho knew he was psychic?I need some pretty pills, they will make me normalhow do you become normal from one pill?impossible sez I, it must ALL be in my head!I'm not crazy! I'm the same I've always beenthe only crazies out there. Are the ones that believe these pills will helpI walk out with a pimento loaf tucked under my shirtstolen from the store I just killed my friend inno one knows my secret, except for Stellawho works in the bakery Stella loves to hand out her special brownies to the children who visit her at workStella is bad, she loads up the brownies with hash the kiddies remember Stella when their olderthey come and visit Stella with daddy's stolen credit cardfor ALL their medicinal needsI never did like brownies thoughI took Stella along for the rideShe didn't want to come with me thoughSo I tied her up with produce bagsand threw her in the grocery cart this is gonna be one hell of an adventure!!!Gotta have the Geo home by ten though...its a school nightmom will get angry, if I don'tand would ground me for sure'No Atari for a week!' she'd sayOh yea FUCK OFF AND DIE MOM!when I'm older I'm gonna marry Ms. Pacman, and have babiesand were not bringing the babies home to visit!Parents just don't understand their kids anymore do they?When we and Ms. Pacman have kids, I'm going to remember one thingyour children are ALWAYS going to disappoint you, sometime in your lifeit unavoidable. No matter what they do, NO matter what you dothey'll fuck up and disappoint you!prime example: look at me in my parents eyesI've just killed my best friend. Not to mention kidnapping an elderly woman and throwing her in the trunk of the Geoand to top it all offI want to marry a video game character.I'm a complete disappointment to her. dad knows I'm a fuck up alreadyThe sooner she realizes that the easier it'll be on her when SWAT comes to escort me off to jailthey'll never take me thoughI've got a secretStella died on me I was trying so hard to find a spot to kill her inI must have put that bag on a wee bit too tight over her headshe must have passed out along the wayall I wanted was to murder herthen I go and mess that up!!!I'm reminded of something a wise man said to me once'Son you tried you're best, and FAILED miserably! the point is never try'Well time to take the car homeI have to spend some quality time with Ms. Pacmanmaybe I'll call up my friend, see what he's up to tonightNO ONE'S PICKING UP THE PHONE!!!fucking bastard if I ever see him again, he's dead!wonder if he's gone off to see Stella?I'll call back laterhey I didn't take my pretty pill...oh no
Written January 11th, 2002 ©  on Jan 11 2002 06:59 AM PST   18  • 0  • 10