---
title: "When the love is lost in the relationship *consider yourself warned*"
writer: "Autotomy"
slug: "when-the-love-is-lost-in-the-relationship-consider-yourself-warned"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/34627-When-the-love-is-lost-in-the-relationship--consider-yourself-warn-by-Autotomy"
---

Well the cats outta the bag now...She wasn't that bad after I think about it. She did love meI was in love with her The bad thing about us was thatWe really weren't all that good together.Kinda like OJ Simpson and the bloody gloveSounds like it would be a match made in heaven Although didn't some lawyer say...'If the gloves does not fit. You must ACQUIT!'When we first met it was amazingWe’d go out for coffeeDiscuss who the greatest songwriter of all time was...Get into an argument over said greatest songwriter of all timeI say its Matthew Good!!!That bitch always was stuck in her waysFucking Barry Gibb! HAThe Bee Gee’s had nothing on Matt!!!I was always more concerned with the tunes though. Can you blame me? I hadn't heard that song in like four yearsBut how did that night work? What did I do that was just right? Was it the moment? Was it fate? Did fate have the wrong address?Who knowsI do know one thing thoughI knew that things were going to end very badly with her and I. Not because were bad people. But because we are very emotional...And very volatile peopleWe both started dreaming and hoping about the future Then she realized that I wasn't her Prince Charming And started fucking the neighbor’s cabana boyCause lord knows I don’t have a cabana!!!I had to move to Crapford...IDIOTThis is when I said something that I shouldn't haveThat's always been my weaknessnever knowing when to shut the hell upI dropped the tiniest of hints about said cabana boy‘Hey Hun. Do you think the Johnson’s Cabana boy would fuck your brains out?’Naturally I’d say this over some jellied toast, and some Fruit LoopsAfter all breakfast is the most important meal of the day.Which she responded quite mater a fact-lee‘He beats that loser friend of yours. You know which one I'm talking about. The one that I fucked down by the dog track’And you ALL know how I blow things WAY OUT OF PROPORTION!! Can you blame me for burning all of her clothing inside her Pontiac Grand AmWhich she named BurtWho names a Grand Am Burt?BURT FOR FUCK SAKES?!?This is about the time when she got angry at me.Screaming and cussingwaking up the whole neighborhood!The bitch was being so loud she woke up the neighbor’s cat SampsonNOTHING WAKES UP SAMPSONThen she storms out of the house calling me an ASSHOLE!And Drives off with the charred remains of Burt Into the nightAlmost running over poor SampsonSampson's okay kidsHe's a resourceful little kittyThis is where revenge comes into playBy fucking ALL of my friends on lineFor the entire world to see!!And sends me the web pageSo I could see it in multiple camera angelsIn REAL TIME!Too bad when she stormed out of the houseShe left her purseWith all the credit cardsNow where should I take a vacation? I hear Uzbekistan’s nice this time of year Hell I'll even take her dad tooHe needs a break from that bitchWhile I'm at itI'll sell him into slaveryI hear they do great brandings for slaves now a daysThat should teach him to raise better children in the next life Well would you look at that?the suns coming upI wonder what'll happen today?Guess I'll find out soon enoughBarkeep!!I wear a pink bunny suit when I write. What about you?
Written January 21st, 2002 ©  on Jan 21 2002 01:17 PM PST   0  • 8