---
title: "vasectomy pleasure"
writer: "kaz4sim"
slug: "vasectomy-pleasure"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/19891-vasectomy-pleasure-by-kaz4sim"
---

The date was booked, I’m readyHubby going for the snipI think he really wants it doneEven though he’s feeling sick  We’ve had informationTelling us all we need to knowTo prepare his sacred itemsSay farewell to the bits to goNow maybe I’m being squeamishBut a razor? And go down there?No honey listen to me!I’ve a better way to get rid of hairUse this cream, it’ll be a breezeJust rub it in then waitThe hair dissolves, no fuss, no fearYou’ll be in a better stateSo hubby listened to meAnd rubbed it in with gleeOh wow, how easy was that? He saidI’m as hair-free as can beBut next morning what a differenceHubby could hardly standWhat’s happened to my bits down thereBabe.. give us a handWell I know I should have been supportiveAnd not fall to my knees and screamBut hubby's nether regionsHad reacted to the creamOh great! What now? He exasperatedWell I can’t have the op done now!I’m sore and red and swollenOOOH you really are a cowDon’t mention this to no-oneHe warned me that same dayBut a story like this, keep to myself…Could I? should I?…. No way!!  (lol)A room filled with macho menAll looking scared and smallWaiting for their turnOn the trolley down the hall Did u bring your slippers sir?And all that we asked you forHe looked at me, I panickedI’d left them by the kitchen doorWell they brought him paper knickersCardboard slippers and a puffy hatI laughed so hard I cried He looked a silly prat!Can I go in a comfort him?I’d like to wipe his worried browAnd tell him he’s doing marvellousRing any bells dear? Yes I’m a cow  (lol)But unfortunately for me or himI was not allowed to seeHubby having his bits sliced offHow could they take that away from me?This was a true story. Happened 8 years ago. Hubby still grimaces now when I mention it. What a laugh I had that day, especially when the nurse asked him if he was allergic to anything……. I actually fell out of the cubicle laughing. I was then asked to stay outside as I couldn’t control myself….. still laughing now as I think about it. I recommend it to all women out there, truly a day out to remember. Retribution for all those patronising remarks they make to us during childbirth!! As for not telling anyone.. did I? Of course not  We’re still together years on, he must love my sick sense of humour. He is a truly fantastic guy!
Written December 3rd, 2001 ©  on Dec 02 2001 08:49 PM PST   0  • 14