---
title: "God Bless O Lady Liberty and Land of America!"
writer: "owlcry"
slug: "god-bless-o-lady-liberty-and-land-of-america"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/3774-God-Bless-O-Lady-Liberty-and-Land-of-America--by-owlcry"
---

Outside the sun has rolled up her imaginary rugs,and night strews saline fluids mixed with stars yawning across the sky. All hearts hum tunes, she hasn’t heard in years and tears carry tides.Guesses are her soul is starved for miracles,while coercive measures march freedom further.Someone wanted to blunder across your America.Someone pried people’s views as her looks froze.Many rappelled. Many died. Many celebrated. Each inconceivable expectation sproutscrannies of hope that fall with blossoms,and sharpens into edged petals stabbinghearts we all can see in your green eyes. All have walked the length of television.Broadcasts find sights that talk back.Eyes struck awed by inspired implosion,Lady Liberty rebounds from lone island. Death struts and parades peacocky.Downed fate terrorism storms release,peaks wind tunnel effects with bravery.Heaven’s freedom is heartfelt and hurried,as bodies stack on cold-hard splintschips shelved back home lay in wait,all now pray until tears rainbow the sky.Lady Liberty finds herself on the stagnant edge, nothing but splintered air rising to meet her.She teeters a terrible instant, on the cutting side arms outstretched, retreating dust surrounds her, long-standing before and past the debris, glass, unsmiling jetlag waves at her above cloudy chaos.Ruthless terrorism face off financiers and warmongersforced down in buildings, now stringed off in yellow,catching gray heavens in their mirrored airs of despair.O Lady Liberty your green eyes now shine on me! Snapshot breath frees scene and freedom spirals up. Time has repeated itself in washed-up rings of smoke that should have departed with D-Day atrocities.A long time ago from nowhere to here, back home,hunched in unnatural light, you stand your groundon chipped glass roads imploded by wailing time.Every inconceivable expectation of hope now sprouts.Crannied blossoms sharpen into edged petals stabbinghearts I can see in your green eyes. Crying is inexhaustible, nothing simple, knowledge shaken brings forth faith-searching. Freedom promises downed in excelerated moments tick timepast these streets. Do all now partake in shattered shower of choicesin which leaders chart paths for us to walk toward retaliated missions? Crumbling smiles reach toward your outstretched arms leavingremnants of reminders that life winds short and freedom flies fast, as the loam of dust and smoke hubbubs Tuesday, April 11, 2001.God Bless O Lady Liberty and Land of America!
Written September 13th, 2001 ©  on Sep 13 2001 01:19 PM PST   0  • 9