---
title: "Your Mom"
writer: "shadylady"
slug: "your-mom"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/12224-Your-Mom-by-shadylady"
---

Anyone who knows me well can tell you what my favorite comeback is.your momsome find it offensivesome find it funnysome don't care either waysome wonder why i use that term so oftenhabit? humor? perhapsmaybe its because its your mom. not mineits your mom whose there with youto hold you to take care of you when you're sickto bandage up your scrape when you fallthe one you run home to, crying when billy pulls your hairthe one you run home to, crying when billy asks you to marry him.you see, my mom isn't like that. no, shes not deadalthough i wouldnt really know if she had. my mom keeps her distance from meshe doesnt seem to care she doesnt even recognise my voice when she calls to talk to my brother.at first it hurt she used to be there for me, she was my best friend.she changedshe let herself be influenced and intimidated by something more powerful. so now she isnt here she no longer helps me with my homework or shares boy stories. i dont know my mom anymore and im afraid i never willthen i stopped caringso what if the bitch doesnt care anymoreits her loss right? i have a dad a stepmom a brother a family and friends who actually do care so what if she rejected me no use crying anymoreshes not coming backjust move on and dont follow her footsteps, you'll come out stronger. but i still care. that was my mom. not your mom or anyone elses that was my momi can never have another one what do you do when you feel rejected ny the own womb which birthed you?how do you cope? then i remember its not just me she rejected. she rejected all of us. her mom, her dad her sisters and friendsall of them because she was stupid and didnt see what she was doing to us. ive accepted it and come to terms with it but it hurts still that will never fade i miss my mom and the way she used to sing me the lords prayer before bed. i miss having my mom. just be lucky you have your mom you may fight but at least shes there and she always will be she will love you no matter what. so when i use my comeback dont be offended be happy that shes there, and you have the oppurtunity to defend herthis is very personal. it describes my relationship with my mom. or lack thereof
Written November 2nd, 2001 ©  on Nov 02 2001 08:01 AM PST   18  • 0  • 1