---
title: "Untitled or forever faithful"
writer: "mixed feelings"
slug: "untitled-or-forever-faithful"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/6971-Untitled-or-forever-faithful-by-mixed-feelings"
---

You say you love me.I believe you. You say you'll love me until the day we die.I know it's true.I donno if you know but...My head is pounding,My heart is throbbingand my love for you gets stronger everyday.There is only one person meant just for me.He is special,loving,and caring all at the same.Protective in so many ways.I donno if he knows but he is the one for me.I love you with all my heartand so much more.I have loved you for three years.Since the day our eyes met.You were playing basketball and I was walking with a friend.We stopped,we looked,we fell in love.Noone can tell us differently but we were meant to be. You say fate will bring us together.And it may be true.All I know is, I love you,and that will never change.But one day I know in my heart,fate,will come and bring us together.But until then we must wait.And always remain friends.Our parents may disagreebecause we are two different races,but they don't see what we see. I se a charming, athletic, honest young man that I have loved from day one.Our parents will never see our reasons,but who said they had to.As long as we love,trust and respect eachotherour love will stay strong.I don't know what you see in me, but i am glad you see something. My love for you will never,for as long as I live,change.And I pray yours will do the same. I love you with every...inch of my body that aches everyday,inch of my soul that needs yours to be happy.Every second of my thoughts,minute of my dreams andevery breath that I take.I love you in so many waysthat I can not explain.I don't even believe I need to explain them. Because you can read my eyes, soul and brain.For as long as you know memy feelings will never change. When the day comes and we are to die,we will reunit in heaven to live once again where we had once left off.I want you to know that if we were ever seperated from eachother,I will always love you the same.I cry as I speak my wordsbut my words are true. From my heart to your'sI love you and that will never go away.
Written October 8th, 2001 ©  on Oct 08 2001 08:38 AM PST   18  • 0  • 8