---
title: "'{10-5-3-7-9)'"
writer: "Dreaming Turtle"
slug: "10-5-3-7-9"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/38867--10-5-3-7-9--by-Dreaming-Turtle"
---

~The ants evolved & found the corridors around the rose scented walls 
of Liliths dungeons. The would be only survivers, had not the bowels 
already been warned. There are no more times of digging home or 
rebuilding the nest, it has become the insect mutate of what would be 
a nuclear destruction, had it not been already said that this day 
would arrive.

~(The Shaman) packs his bag, heads out the door of this unearthly 
structure, and sights back without that old fealing of rapture like 
he felt as a young boy, before he came to find the ways of 
irreversible plight of a constant type of mourn that comes along with 
celebration.

~The small boy awakes on (Christmas mourn), presents from Santa Claus 
he had once seen sneaking around through their closets, and saw the 
paths they use to rob children of their faith, and thus the journey 
began.

~Creativity and positivity mean nothing without it's negative 
polarity, it's (equal & opposite) balance which has held the threads 
of the (Universal Mind) together since the creation was first created 
(for arguments sake). It wasn't until now the minds of unfaithful 
parents taught their children spoonfed lies which are (the seven 
deadly plaques), save the breeds of evolution.

~Earth and water shake, the tides rise bigger than their ocean depth, 
the minds are kept in shock, the food has hall been washed to sea. We 
wander far back into the tents of the mothers floor, rubbing her skin 
& carresing water serpants with fangs ready to attack.................

~Which would have been our demise, (had not the bowels already been 
warned)


Respectfuly Dead,
~Dreaming Turtle
Written February 5th, 2002 ©  on Feb 04 2002 06:55 PM PST   0  • 10