---
title: "- - - - -"
writer: "FallinTears"
slug: "-"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/43259-----------by-FallinTears"
---

Just because you can’t see
Just because you don’t understand
Doesn’t mean it will go away
Doesn’t mean I will go away

You said what you had to
And made absolutely no sense
Obviously I did something
Thanks for telling me…

It doesn’t matter what you think
Because I care
And I won’t stop caring
No matter what you do… 
No matter what you say
Because I am me…
And you… are you

I won’t say anything
You’re right about that
I don’t want to fight with you
But you better believe I’d stand up for myself
So if it makes you happy
I won’t think about you ever again
But that doesn’t mean I won’t care

When that day comes
When you die and you’re wherever you are
And no one comes to your funeral
But your family…
And they aren’t crying
They’ve got a smile on my face
Don’t blame me…

But what do I know
I’m just another stupid kid
That got too much involved
And got hurt
But never went away
That’s right I don’t know anything
And I hurt people just because it makes me feel good
I assume
I bitch
I complain
But you know I’m right

I’m not always right… sure I hate to admit it…
But when it comes to things like this…
You see where I’m going
Maybe it doesn’t make a difference to you
But it does to me

If you never say anything to me
That’ll be okay…
Because I am me
And you are you
Remember?
I don’t write with my eyes
I write with my heart
See with your heart
And not with your eyes
FOR ONCE GOD DAMNIT

Swallow whatever you’ve got stuck in your throat
Loose your head for just a minute and open your heart
I’m not asking you to let me inside… anymore
Not asking you to trust me
Just asking you to accept… the fact that I careWhy?
Written February 19th, 2002 ©  on Feb 19 2002 02:20 PM PST   18  • 0  • 1