---
title: "169th Silence"
writer: "FallinTears"
slug: "169th-silence"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/19836-169th-Silence-by-FallinTears"
---

As you walk along the roadLeaves run across the ground behind youNipping your heals and crunching under your feetWrapping your arms around yourself you look around youLike an owl… searching for it’s prayThe shadows are getting larger as you glance downA monster… huge you can see yourselfSingle notes of a cricket hit your earsYou can see where you are headedAs if a shaft of light appears on that spotYou start counting to make the distance shorterTo fool your mind45… 46…47You can see him standing thereHands shoved deep in his pocketsHead down taking tiny steps to the left then to the rightForwardsBackwardsAs if it’s your heart on the floorHe’s crushing it63…64…65…You’re almost thereTrying to smile Your tears threaten to overflow their banksBut your aim is not to appear weakIt’s too intimidateYou can handle him… he can’t hurt you81… 82… 83…Walking up to the light it smacks you in the faceYour lip trembles Softly you bite itYou can’t hurt meYou can’t hurt meI love you so much… you can never hurt me98… 99… 100You stop in the light of the streetThere he is… just standing thereYou wish he’d say something first… not trusting your own voiceHe looks up at you his irises in a raging whirlpoolYou take a step back… afraidYou can’t hurt meYou can’t hurt meI love you so much… you can never hurt meOne hand reaches up out of his pocketHe laughs low deep in his throat…It sets your teeth on edge… spiders crawling up your spine“Fool” he whispersYour eyebrows arch in an inquisitive glareShaking his head he chucklesYou can’t hurt meYou can’t hurt meI love you so much… you can never hurt meYou hardly have time to realize what he’s doingBefore you fall to the groundHand pressed against your stomachRuby red blood flowing through your fingersSmoke dancing into the air… right beside his pocketLooking up at him tears running down your face“Fool” he whispersI loved youI love youWhy did you hurt me?I loved youI love youWhy are you killing me?“Love is blind,” you whisperDarkness settling inside of your body“And now my dear… so are you”A soft whimper escapes your lips, barely audible167… 168... 169…SilenceInteresting No? I think so. Sort of came to me.
Written December 2nd, 2001 ©  on Dec 02 2001 12:48 PM PST   18  • 0  • 1