---
title: "Sequel to YOU"
writer: "FallinTears"
slug: "sequel-to-you"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/9698-Sequel-to-YOU-by-FallinTears"
---

A shiver runs up through my spine. Sending soft pin pricks across my whole body. Up there all by yourself, you stand on you pedestal, smiling up. You know or do you? You are the object of my affection. It is obvious some say, but still you cannot see. Or you wish not to. I really don’t know what to think anymore, for I am fresh out of ideas. You have stolen all I think about. You invade my mind, I can’t get you out of it, I want you go away. I know that I will always feel something for you. No matter how much I try not to. You just hold me there, and I want you to let go. Or do I? Why can’t you make that decision for me? Please do something. The silence is unbearable. I need you to say something, anything. Tears they well up in my eyes, they cascade down my cheeks, they collect in a soft puddle in my lap. My head aches, with the thought of you. My heart aches when I see you. I know deep down inside that you are encased in a glass house. Look but don’t touch. On display for all to gawk at, but not for sale. I never cared about anyone else as I care for you. I just want you to know that. Sometimes I feel as if you do, and sometimes you make me want to scream at you. Sometimes I just want to jump up and down, and tell you everything, but I know I will never. You are there look with you eyes. I will never get a chance, and I’ve always known twas true. I will always be alone, and I hate to think of it. I hate to watch people talk about their stupid little problems. It makes me mad. It makes me want to rip my hair out. It makes me want to change. I don’t know what you think, and that eats me up inside. Why do I have this feeling that your eyes are permanently closed? You are oblivious to me, oh it is so true. I breathe heavy your name upon my lips. I feel strange, I feel distant, I am afraid. I just want to fall down, and know that you’ll be there to catch me. In a way, not knowing if you’ll be there helps me to stand. I need you, listen to me. Come to me, I need you. I need to feel warm and safe again. I am scared, I am alone. I am so incredibly afraid for what is to come. I know that it’s not your fault I feel this way. But I just need to be in your arms. Open your eyes, please just for a second. Realize that you are the only one who can help me. The only one, the only one, save me, help me, please…Sometimes I don't know what to think, and all I can do is ramble in my poetry.
Written October 22nd, 2001 ©  on Oct 22 2001 06:37 AM PST   0  • 1