---
title: "my christmas."
writer: "tank.kittie"
slug: "my-christmas"
source: "AllPoetry"
url: "https://allpoetry.com/poem/29648-my-christmas.-by-tank.kittie"
---

I never realized how hard some things are to get over. Just when you think that you have reached that monumental plateau where everything is calm and serene, something, someone, sets everything back. Your mind becomes clouded with everything that had went wrong, everything that caused such horrific pain, and everything that you thought you had conquered. The tiniest reminders of what is missing, suddenly race through your mind and cause you to get that distinctive pain deep down, perhaps in some extension of the heart or the part of your body that enables you to feel only the abstract, rather than the concrete of pains. And, of course, once all this starts to occur, you cannot stop thinking about it. 

You remember how your mother looks so sad when she cries, and how your brother isn't as tough as you always thought he was. You recall how beautiful your nana was when they first met and how they have spent every Christmas together since 1943. You now realize that this is your first Christmas without him. Without Big Jim. Without your papa. You look at old photographs, when the rest of the family leaves, of you sleeping on your Papa's lap on Christmas of 1988. You see photos of you and your brother riding on the back of your papa, laughing and smiling as he trotted you across the living room. You then realize that he's been dead for exactly two months to the day. It hurts you. Your mother's tears can be heard falling as you listen to her weep. Your uncle is alone tonight, so is your nana, and you know they are coming to the same realizations that you are. Your nana whispers something to your mother as she leaves, you know it's about your papa. Your mom starts to cry. You try not to. You hug her. You nana comes back inside and tells us how we have been good for the entire day. You suppose she was expecting a huge breakdown from us all. You smile. Nana leaves. Your mother doesn't stop crying. You hug her. You wish that your papa could too. You don't start crying, yet. You cant cry in front of your mother, she would cry harder. You wait til your dad takes her to the living to make sure she is okay. 

You go to your room and breakdown. You sit there wanting to tear out your hair, strand by strand, while your eyeliner streams down your cheeks. You read, and reread the poem on the small card that was produced for the funeral. You stare at his picture. You wish he could have been there for dinner. You know apple pie and ice cream for dessert was his favourite. You know he would have fallen asleep at least three times during the day. You remember how much you miss that. How much you miss him. You cry. You cant forget. You don't want to forget. You just want the pain to leave. Or to at least minimize itself to a less harsh degree, so you can at least stop hurting. 

It's Christmas, you say to yourself, you should be happy. But you aren't. The day was full of uneventful happenings eventually leading to a realization that some things are hard to get over, and some things you don't want to get over due to the attachment you hold, and the thought that ‘getting over' something means you are going to forget. You know you will never forget, but you don't know if you can ever get over it.
Written January 7th, 2002 ©  on Jan 07 2002 12:24 PM PST   0  • 1